Data set is from https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/ljvmiranda/valheim-food-dataset
It is updated quartely.

Context
Valheim is an exploration and survival game that takes you to the heights of Norse mythology and Viking culture. It allows players to slay monsters, craft powerful weapons, and build bases to their heart's content. A large aspect of the survival process is food, governing one's playstyle and capabilities. Each food item contributes to a player's max health and stamina, and with the variety of food options, players can mix and match their diet to suit their game.

Ever since Valheim released Hearth and Home, a player's food choice now drastically affects their gameplay, for better and for worse. Feasting on a high-meat diet grants high health, to the detriment of stamina. Fruits and vegetables offer high stamina, but a careless mistake can let enemies one-shot you to no end. This dataset was scraped from the Valheim wiki, with some manual annotation by the author, to provide a comprehensive view of all food choices in the game.

Content
The dataset contains information such as Health, Stamina, and Duration for each food item. There is also another column, Progression, that was manually annotated by the author to mark the progression-level where the food item can be found / crafted. There are 33 food choices all in all, with the exception of Bukeperry.

Acknowledgements

Thank you to the maintainers of the Valheim Wiki for the comprehensive information.
The beautiful (and bountiful) Banner image is from u/174nana based from this Reddit post
And of course, thank you to Iron Gate for creating this wonderful game! (all images aside from the banner image came from the game store).
The creater of this code "Graztoked" acknowlages "ljvmiranda" for is efforts in creating this dataset.

Inspiration
What's the best food choice at a given progression-level?
Which food combination will last for the longest time?
Which food combination is the easiest and most efficient to craft / gather?